um I'm going to show you how to get a
your customized application working I'm
going to go into installer and your
go-to sources and if you really don't
have his ipod touch fans com repo
installed go ahead and add it as a
source it's a touch repo com backslash
repo dot XML so if you don't have that
installed already go ahead and have that
as a source of it as a source if you do
we want to go down to utilities and then
scroll down to customize if your we have
customized installed go ahead and
install it because what the one you're
gonna want to install is this first one
right here one that says it's been a
modded Andrey compiled version to work
with 1.13 includes ipod touch fix this
is the one you want to install and mad
props to Skylar for this one but i'll go
ahead and just install click install and
now he's already patched the customized
to go ahead and work for red 1.3 give
you a ball notice i'll clean up
and
but your mark
anything I got a customer and if it does
this at first it doesn't open up we need
to do know if it's kind of weird I just
go ahead and tap the screen hold on keep
tapping it until either closes or it
opens up you can see it's open now oops
should open up now
and it's not we'll do this again after
you do this a couple times eventually
I'll get to where to open up as it
supposed to and you won't have to sit
here and play the drums on it but I'll
go ahead just keep doing this to show
you eventually a real word the back of
your neck open or close it hopefully
this time on open it will just open up
if I have in the Bay on it and it's not
here we go again call my little drummer
boy once sometimes hopefully third
time's a charm don't know why this works
or how it works or what its problem is
but um highly things at all to do that
we'll get out learn installer install
something just enough change for
customized go down to these customized
business and pop up just install
community sources let's go with the
designer image step it's all out
I'll come back when you see that done
downloading installing all right that
finished downloading installing go back
slide to unlock I'll go back into
customized alright see it opened up this
time I'm a clothing to show you again
that eventually it took me three times
after the third time it's now starting
to open up a disposed in so you can see
we'll go ahead and go down change
somebody's should I get it is working
for one point one point three with a
battery image now we'll go with the
cylinder or cell click OK back to
customize let's go to let springboard
string some here is we can change a lot
of the text i'll go down to let's go
down to unlock and you can type in
whatever you want down keys there's duh
i'll click up customers go back home
button so now instead of saying on her
up slide down lock it says duh but this
works well now thanks to skyler again
but there you have it customized working
for a 1.13